_pages/teaching.md, before:

---
layout: page
permalink: /teaching/
title: Teaching
description: 
nav: true
nav_order: 6
---

### 2024: Teaching Assistant, Technion - Methods in NLP
- Role: Teaching Assistant for *Methods in NLP*, supporting both undergraduate and graduate students during the Winter 2023/24 semester.
- Recognition: Received the **Outstanding Teaching Assistant Award** for excellence in teaching, based on student feedback and course engagement.

#### Anonymous Student Feedback Highlights [Translated]

- "Amazing teaching assistant. Every semester there's one course that you enjoy solely because of the teaching staff. Itay was the teaching assistant for that course this semester. His lessons made learning the material very enjoyable."
  
- "Itay was extremely dedicated throughout the semester. His guidance was very helpful in learning the course. He was always available to explain complex concepts in a simple manner to any student in need of assistance."

- "Itay is an excellent teaching assistant! He ensures that everyone understands the material. He was always patient and very kind. He answered all the questions and created a comfortable atmosphere in class. He also agreed to hold additional office hours to further help his group, which was greatly appreciated. Thank you so much, Itay!"

Commit message:

added my tutorial to website

_pages/teaching.md, after:

---
layout: page
permalink: /teaching/
title: Teaching
description: 
nav: true
nav_order: 6
---

### 2024: Teaching Assistant, Technion - Methods in NLP
- Role: Teaching Assistant for *Methods in NLP*, supporting both undergraduate and graduate students during the Winter 2023/24 semester.
- Recognition: Received the **Outstanding Teaching Assistant Award** for excellence in teaching, based on student feedback and course engagement.

### Transformer Architecture – NLP Course Tutorial (2023–2024)

A Hebrew tutorial I gave as part of the 2023–2024 NLP course.  
Covers key components of the Transformer model: self-attention, multi-head attention, positional encoding, and the encoder-decoder structure.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5nyrcl0KZY" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

#### Anonymous Student Feedback Highlights [Translated]

- "Amazing teaching assistant. Every semester there's one course that you enjoy solely because of the teaching staff. Itay was the teaching assistant for that course this semester. His lessons made learning the material very enjoyable."
  
- "Itay was extremely dedicated throughout the semester. His guidance was very helpful in learning the course. He was always available to explain complex concepts in a simple manner to any student in need of assistance."

- "Itay is an excellent teaching assistant! He ensures that everyone understands the material. He was always patient and very kind. He answered all the questions and created a comfortable atmosphere in class. He also agreed to hold additional office hours to further help his group, which was greatly appreciated. Thank you so much, Itay!"
